okay I don't know if this is a
retraction or an addition or an update I
don't know what to call it basically I
really loved the Omega juicer that I
reviewed but I thought it was a lot of
work and so I took it back to the store
well it seems that a few friends have
talked to me and said Jack it's going to
be good for your health you need to go
back and get it it could help with your
diabetes you could drop way we start
juicing eating better and you know stuff
like that
so anyway uh so I went to reorder it and
my buddy Charles told me that you know
we were gonna he was gonna order a new
one - he'd like the the way the Omega
kind of had an auger and it crushes the
the juice out instead of you know
blending it or cutting it so ah this is
it you ready so I went online after
returning it and I bought the next model
up I thought if I'm gonna do it I'll do
it right so let me show it looks like
okay so this is the next model up the
Omega NC 900 HDC low speed nutrition
system it does just like the other one
does in fact I'm making sure what the
difference is but I do know that they
have 15 year warranties both brands that
I showed you guys I'm going to do a
quick little juice here to show you how
it works
Oh nicer got a nice you're catch
container look at this alright well
there's the plus to it
one of them I had just kind of two
plastic they'll a how nice that is
and then nice better bake for extra
money you make people pay there look
really nice better quality not just that
plastic stuff like that good stuff there
I love this look they even give you a
toothbrush in that awesome and that's to
clean out to clean this out you can go
it takes left it took me like less than
five minutes to take it apart clean it
put it back together let me show you
real quick not off the side this is the
top oh they have it all put together for
you how nice is that
look it's like that this comes undone or
it doesn't maybe nothing
oh this is a little different oh this is
way different okay so I'm going to put
it in like this
put it in here but this comes undone you
rotate like that and it comes out see
it's that easy it's like a quarter-turn
rotation boom like that there's that the
juicing mechanism and there's the auger
comes right out slides right out see
that's it alright I'm going to slide it
in here and then going to lock it in
place lips lock in place that's it or
deterrent boom it's done alright turn
this around so you can see the name of
the device the Omega and I got
everything in place I pull my stopper or
my plunger out and we turn it on
sounds good so let's start off with a
carrot all righty
there it goes the juice coming out here
nice let's put in some apples I'm going
for it celery a little sweet little tart
depends on what kind of apple you like
I'm doing a sweet apple I'm gonna show
you the kale you ready to see some kale
watch this a little kale in there kale
in again another leaf come on get in
there there we go little bit of kale
more carrots
there you go yeah it's pooping out the
end all right let mix this before right
in
this is what I mean drinking every
morning something like this I'll mix it
up but to me I can't just have I have to
have something sweet like the Apple in
there or orange or even lemon can have a
sweetness to it it doesn't smell bad at
all
it doesn't smell good at all either here
we go
I was really good honest I didn't like
the ones I had the other day
the other video there was only one out
of three that I liked that I could drink
every day Wow
all right so there it is this is the new
one is the latest model and I think if
you call Macy's they might have it for
like 300 bucks on sale
it's the NC 900 HDC Omega this is a
route just a short little review of it I
don't work for them they don't pay me
they don't even know I exist
so but I do recommend this model or the
model below at the 8006 I think it's one
of the best juicers on the market all
right I'll see you guys the next episode
take care bye bye so put it back in put
that back on it's super super easy that
one goes on top of that right oops I do
right that's right there we go like that
no like that yeah I guess that holds in
place right yeah and this goes over like
this right Oh
you